# openai_flutter_sdk.model.CreateImageRequest

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:openai_flutter_sdk/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**prompt** | **String** | A text description of the desired image(s). The maximum length is 32000 characters for `gpt-image-1`, 1000 characters for `dall-e-2` and 4000 characters for `dall-e-3`. | 
**model** | [**CreateImageRequestModel**](CreateImageRequestModel.md) |  | [optional] 
**n** | **int** | The number of images to generate. Must be between 1 and 10. For `dall-e-3`, only `n=1` is supported. | [optional] [default to 1]
**quality** | **String** | The quality of the image that will be generated.   - `auto` (default value) will automatically select the best quality for the given model. - `high`, `medium` and `low` are supported for `gpt-image-1`. - `hd` and `standard` are supported for `dall-e-3`. - `standard` is the only option for `dall-e-2`.  | [optional] [default to 'auto']
**responseFormat** | **String** | The format in which generated images with `dall-e-2` and `dall-e-3` are returned. Must be one of `url` or `b64_json`. URLs are only valid for 60 minutes after the image has been generated. This parameter isn't supported for `gpt-image-1` which will always return base64-encoded images. | [optional] [default to 'url']
**outputFormat** | **String** | The format in which the generated images are returned. This parameter is only supported for `gpt-image-1`. Must be one of `png`, `jpeg`, or `webp`. | [optional] [default to 'png']
**outputCompression** | **int** | The compression level (0-100%) for the generated images. This parameter is only supported for `gpt-image-1` with the `webp` or `jpeg` output formats, and defaults to 100. | [optional] [default to 100]
**size** | **String** | The size of the generated images. Must be one of `1024x1024`, `1536x1024` (landscape), `1024x1536` (portrait), or `auto` (default value) for `gpt-image-1`, one of `256x256`, `512x512`, or `1024x1024` for `dall-e-2`, and one of `1024x1024`, `1792x1024`, or `1024x1792` for `dall-e-3`. | [optional] [default to 'auto']
**moderation** | **String** | Control the content-moderation level for images generated by `gpt-image-1`. Must be either `low` for less restrictive filtering or `auto` (default value). | [optional] [default to 'auto']
**background** | **String** | Allows to set transparency for the background of the generated image(s).  This parameter is only supported for `gpt-image-1`. Must be one of  `transparent`, `opaque` or `auto` (default value). When `auto` is used, the  model will automatically determine the best background for the image.  If `transparent`, the output format needs to support transparency, so it  should be set to either `png` (default value) or `webp`.  | [optional] [default to 'auto']
**style** | **String** | The style of the generated images. This parameter is only supported for `dall-e-3`. Must be one of `vivid` or `natural`. Vivid causes the model to lean towards generating hyper-real and dramatic images. Natural causes the model to produce more natural, less hyper-real looking images. | [optional] [default to 'vivid']
**user** | **String** | A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help OpenAI to monitor and detect abuse. [Learn more](/docs/guides/safety-best-practices#end-user-ids).  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


