# openai_flutter_sdk.model.RealtimeConversationItem

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:openai_flutter_sdk/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | The unique ID of the item, this can be generated by the client to help  manage server-side context, but is not required because the server will  generate one if not provided.  | [optional] 
**type** | **String** | The type of the item (`message`, `function_call`, `function_call_output`).  | [optional] 
**object** | **String** | Identifier for the API object being returned - always `realtime.item`.  | [optional] 
**status** | **String** | The status of the item (`completed`, `incomplete`). These have no effect  on the conversation, but are accepted for consistency with the  `conversation.item.created` event.  | [optional] 
**role** | **String** | The role of the message sender (`user`, `assistant`, `system`), only  applicable for `message` items.  | [optional] 
**content** | [**List<RealtimeConversationItemContentInner>**](RealtimeConversationItemContentInner.md) | The content of the message, applicable for `message` items.  - Message items of role `system` support only `input_text` content - Message items of role `user` support `input_text` and `input_audio`    content - Message items of role `assistant` support `text` content.  | [optional] [default to const []]
**callId** | **String** | The ID of the function call (for `function_call` and  `function_call_output` items). If passed on a `function_call_output`  item, the server will check that a `function_call` item with the same  ID exists in the conversation history.  | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | The name of the function being called (for `function_call` items).  | [optional] 
**arguments** | **String** | The arguments of the function call (for `function_call` items).  | [optional] 
**output** | **String** | The output of the function call (for `function_call_output` items).  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


