# openai_flutter_sdk.model.RealtimeResponse

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:openai_flutter_sdk/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | The unique ID of the response. | [optional] 
**object** | **String** | The object type, must be `realtime.response`. | [optional] 
**status** | **String** | The final status of the response (`completed`, `cancelled`, `failed`, or  `incomplete`).  | [optional] 
**statusDetails** | [**RealtimeResponseStatusDetails**](RealtimeResponseStatusDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**output** | [**BuiltList&lt;RealtimeConversationItem&gt;**](RealtimeConversationItem.md) | The list of output items generated by the response. | [optional] 
**metadata** | **BuiltMap&lt;String, String&gt;** | Set of 16 key-value pairs that can be attached to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format, and querying for objects via API or the dashboard.   Keys are strings with a maximum length of 64 characters. Values are strings with a maximum length of 512 characters.  | [optional] 
**usage** | [**RealtimeResponseUsage**](RealtimeResponseUsage.md) |  | [optional] 
**conversationId** | **String** | Which conversation the response is added to, determined by the `conversation` field in the `response.create` event. If `auto`, the response will be added to the default conversation and the value of `conversation_id` will be an id like `conv_1234`. If `none`, the response will not be added to any conversation and the value of `conversation_id` will be `null`. If responses are being triggered by server VAD, the response will be added to the default conversation, thus the `conversation_id` will be an id like `conv_1234`.  | [optional] 
**voice** | [**VoiceIdsShared**](VoiceIdsShared.md) | The voice the model used to respond. Current voice options are `alloy`, `ash`, `ballad`, `coral`, `echo`, `fable`, `onyx`, `nova`, `sage`, `shimmer`, and `verse`.  | [optional] 
**modalities** | **BuiltList&lt;String&gt;** | The set of modalities the model used to respond. If there are multiple modalities, the model will pick one, for example if `modalities` is `[\"text\", \"audio\"]`, the model could be responding in either text or audio.  | [optional] 
**outputAudioFormat** | **String** | The format of output audio. Options are `pcm16`, `g711_ulaw`, or `g711_alaw`.  | [optional] 
**temperature** | **num** | Sampling temperature for the model, limited to [0.6, 1.2]. Defaults to 0.8.  | [optional] 
**maxOutputTokens** | [**RealtimeResponseMaxOutputTokens**](RealtimeResponseMaxOutputTokens.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


